I would make a website with multiple pages, including a homepage, a donation page, an information page, a members page, and a sponsorship page. You would be able to navigate between each page with a navigation bar at the top.

The homepage would open with our banner, and under that would be a summary of what we do. It would include the stats of our nonprofit, along with descriptions and a couple of pictures of us helping our community. This would grab the visitors attention and interest them into reading more. At the bottom would be a box where they could give us their email, and we could use it to send newsletters about events we are planning, if we decide to go with that approach for spreading the club, as a lot of people don't have social media due to parental restrictions. There would also be contact information here, such as links to all of our social medias, phone numbers of the members designated with the job of talking with potential volunteers and donators, a google form for people to sign up and anything else you deem as necessary for communication.

The members page would be simple, with a neat 3 by x grid of every member you deem as important enough to be on the website, with x being equal to the number of members on the website divided by 3, rounded up, increasing as more people are added to the website. Each box int the grip would be formatted as such: A square image of the person, under that would be their title, and under that would be a short introduction for them along with a description of their role. By clicking on that short introduction, there would be a longer description that would go in depth as to what they do in the non profit. This would create a simple and easy to navigate platform for sponsors and visitors to learn about the members, while also not sacrificing any valuable information.

The sponsorship page would be similar to the members page. At the top would be a link that a potential sponsor could use to sign up to be a sponsor, and under that would be showcasing all of the current sponsors. It would be a 1 by x grid, with x being the number of sponsors. Each box in the grid would be formatted with a picture of the sponsors logo, under that being a description of what the sponsor does, similar to the members section, along with a link to the sponsor's website. This would make is easy for people to sign up as sponsors while also showcasing all the sponsors. The grid formatting would put a massive emphasis on each sponsor individually, which would lead to them getting more traffic on their website through the link, which would in turn encourage other companies to sponsor us.

The information page would include articles about why we do what we do at the non profit. It would have embedded articles for easy access to read, while also having tips on how to do research about this one your own. The articles would be a mix of simple ones and scholarly ones, as we don't want to deter kids from trying to learn by having the only sources be long research papers. Each article would have a summary, and they would be organized so that similar topics would be next to each other, each topic having a simple article and a scholarly one. This should make it so that a wide range of people are able to learn about why our non profit exists, which may lead to them signing up or volunteering.

The final page would be the donation page, which would be the shortest. It would just be a simple box with different payment methods that would connect to the non profit's bank account. We could also have a membership plan, where they give us money monthly or yearly.

I have ideas for multiple other pages that we could have, if needed. If you want elaboration on any of these pages in specific, please ask during the interview and I will explain in detail. My first idea was a page for services, if we plan on teaching people directly. There could be a google form for signing up to the classes and we could charge for them, if necessary. We could also have a page directing to other branches of rural reach outside of the state, when the non profit expands that far. Another idea is a merchandise website, where we could sell t-shirts, or other objects.

The website would be built in such a way where inserting or removing something, like one of my page ideas, doesn't break the whole website, making it easy for the website to expand alongside the non profit.

As for the appeal aspect, I believe this is too subjective for me to decide on my own. Everyone has a different opinion on what is appealing to a consumer, so I would make the website in such a way that it would be incredibly easy to edit thinks like font style, color, formatting, background images, and anything else that is part of the CSS coding in the website. There are some things that I can add, like add shadows to boxes to make them pop out, have whatever the cursor is hovering over enlarge, and have all links in the form of buttons, but overall we should decide the overall feel of the website together, and I will do the best I can to accommodate for what you want the website to look like.

All of this may seem like a lot of work, but I am confident that if I was given a month's time, along with the information and requirements for the website, I would be able to build all of the things I mentioned, and more.

If you have any questions on how the website would look and or work, I can draw them during the interview to give you a visual representation of what my vision for our website is.
